First round of API v2 updates. (#2340)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/references/protocol/transactions/types/payment.md

| Field            | JSON Type            | [Internal Type][] | Description    |
|:-----------------|:---------------------|:------------------|:---------------|

> | `Amount`         | [Currency Amount][]  | Amount            | [API v1][]: The maximum amount of currency to deliver. For non-XRP amounts, the nested field names MUST be lower-case. If the [`tfPartialPayment` flag](#payment-flags) is set, deliver _up to_ this amount instead.<br>[API v2][]: Field renamed to `DeliverMax`. |

Reviewer: It might be better to have a separate table row for `DeliverMax` and have the description for each explain (API v1/2 only, alias for the field in other API version)

> | `Amount`         | [Currency Amount][]  | Amount            | [API v1][]: The maximum amount of currency to deliver. For non-XRP amounts, the nested field names MUST be lower-case. If the [`tfPartialPayment` flag](#payment-flags) is set, deliver _up to_ this amount instead.<br>[API v2][]: Field renamed to `DeliverMax`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `DeliverMax`         | [Currency Amount][]  | Amount            | [New in: rippled 2.0.0][] The maximum amount of currency that the payment could deliver. For non-XRP amounts, the nested field names MUST be lower-case. If the [`tfPartialPayment` flag](#payment-flags) is set, deliver _up to_ this amount.<br>[API v1][]: The `Amount` field (now deprecated) is available as an alias for `DeliverMax`. When processing a completed payment, use the `delivered_amount` field to get the amount that the payment delivered.  |
```
